This is an unofficial update of NaK1119's outstanding (and currently abandoned) "Crisis Manager - Mid-Game Edition" mod to Stellaris version 2.7.*. Compared to NaK1119's final release, this version adds:

    A few tweaks, changes, and bugfixes from vanilla updates (See changelog for complete list).
    Compatibility/accessibility with Dynamic Mod Menu. (Compatibility with !Mod Menu is retained. You only need one of these menu mods, not both.)

Everything seems to work in Federations now; given the complexity of this mod, however, I haven't been able to fully test all of its features. If anyone comes across any bugs, let me know and I can try to fix them as time allows.

--------------------------------

Original Description

--------------------------------

Summary

This mod is a tool for customizing the mid-game crises: The Rise of the Great Khan and the Grey Tempest. For example, it allows the user to adjust the timings of Great Khan's rise and reign, the number of required insights to open the L-Gates, what events are possible when the L-Gates are opened, etc. Although this is sub-mod of the End-Game Edition, this mod works as a standalone as well (though the configuration menu might be a little more awkward to use). The configuration menu can be accessed in-game either through !Mod Menu or Dynamic Mod Menu. This mod comes with a default configuration template; more are available if you're using the End-Game Edition alongside it.


Important Note

The deadline for setting parameters of L-Gate events comes much sooner than those for the other crises. Specifically, these settings can only be changed until any empire (ai or player) finds a Gateway or L-Gate. It's strongly advised that you set these parameters on game start.


Install/Uninstall for Saved Game

This mod can be installed for ONLY NEW GAME

This mod can be uninstalled safely only when all of following conditions are satisfied:

    Horde Crisis is NOT ongoing.
    Gray Tempest is NOT ongoing.
    Dessanu, who is an empire in L-Gate, does NOT exist.

Features

Players can access the following options via an in-game menu:

    Configurations for the timings, potential triggers, and fleet power for the Great Khan event chain.
    Settings for changing the number of times the Khan can reincarnate, and enabling reigning of multiple Great Khans.
    Configurations for the requirements and potential outcomes for opening the L-Gates.
    Configurations for the fleet power and capabilities of the various entities that may spawn from the L-Gates.
    Options to manually trigger L-Gate opening and the Great Khan's rise, and to end their related crises.
    And more!

Several preset templates for all of the above settings are included with the End-Game Crisis Manager mod. Additionally, user-designed template presets can be built as custom mods/addons; instructions for doing so can be found in the mod's directory.


Compatibility Information

This mod is NOT compatible with mods modifying Horde Crisis and/or L-Gate events. Maybe this mod is compatible with mods modifying marauders before Great Khan reigns. This mod is probably compatible with mods modifying AI, fleet and/or ship of Horde and/or Gray Tempest.