This is an unofficial update of NaK1119's outstanding (and currently abandoned) "Crisis Manager - Mid-Game Edition" mod to Stellaris version 2.7.*.


Compared to NaK1119's final release, this version adds:

    A few tweaks, changes, and bugfixes from vanilla updates.
    Changed the configuration options and templates for Awakening fleet-power trigger thresholds to bring them in line with current vanilla values.
    Updated all templates, menus, and localization to account for the above changes.
    Overhauled War in Heaven event chain to properly employ new vanilla behaviors and Federations content.
    Compatibility/accessibility with Dynamic Mod Menu. (Compatibility with!Mod Menu is retained. You only need one of these menu mods, not both.)

This update required significant changes be made to some of the Crisis Manager's internal events and overrides; as such, I would consider it a 'Beta' version right now. Please report any bugs, issues, or odd behaviors that you come across - especially ones related to the formation of the League of Unaligned Powers.


--------------------------------

Original Description

--------------------------------


Summary

This mod is a tool for customizing awakening events of fallen empires including the War in Heaven. For example, timing of F.E. Awakening, a probability of the War in Heaven, a probability of subjection at the War in Heaven, etc. (The Guardians of the Galaxy events are not controlled by this mid, and are instead handled by the End-Game edition.)


Although this is sub-mod of the End-Game Edition, this mod works as a standalone as well (though the configuration menu might be a little more awkward to use). The configuration menu can be accessed in-game either through !Mod Menu or Dynamic Mod Menu. This mod comes with a default configuration template; more are available if you're using the End-Game Edition alongside it.


Install/Uninstall

This mod can be installed/uninstalled for only save data that any end-game crisis or awakening of fallen empires have NOT happened or been triggered.


Features

Players can access the following options via an in-game menu:

    Configurations for the timings, triggers, and probabilities of FE Awakenings and the War in Heaven.
    Configurations for the conditions and probabilities for NPC empires joining the League of Non-Aligned Powers.
    Configurations for the war exhaustion mechanic in the War in Heaven.
    And more!

Compatibility Information

This mod is NOT compatible with the mod modifying awakening of fallen empires and/or the War in Heaven. Maybe this mod is compatible with the mod modifying sleeping fallen empires. This mod is probably compatible with the mod modifying AI, fleet, ship and/or economy of fallen/awakened empires.